[BE-5421]: Added xcode select input image and manuel xcode version se… (#812)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/workflows/ios-specific-workflow-steps/xcode-select.md

:::

### Input Variables

This step contains some input variable(s). It needs these variable(s) to work. The table below gives explanation for this variable(s).

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/BE5421-xcodeSelectInput.png' />

:::info Manually Xcode Version Change (Not Recommended)

> In addition to the version change method described above, you can also change the Xcode version **manually**. For this, you can **hard-code** the desired Xcode version into the `$AC_XCODE_VERSION` parameter. For example: `15.1`.

Reviewer: I think this warning should be under the Version Change heading. This topic fits this heading. (This is what I meant when I said it should replace the warn box that will be deleted in my previous review.)

**If you are going to make this change**, it might be good to specify that ENV is the input:
```suggestion
In addition to the version change method described above, you can also change the Xcode version **manually**. For this, you can **hard-code** the desired Xcode version into the `$AC_XCODE_VERSION` parameter, which serves as the input for the **Xcode Select** step. For example: `15.1`.
```

This step contains some input variable(s). It needs these variable(s) to work. The table below gives explanation for this variable(s).

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/BE5421-xcodeSelectInput.png' />

> :::info Manually Xcode Version Change

Reviewer: IMO this info box should be added instead of following warn box:
https://capture.dropbox.com/GHaEGY6VwtYXa1XN

> In addition to the version change method described above, you can also change the Xcode version **manually**. For this, you can **hard-code** the desired Xcode version into the `$AC_XCODE_VERSION` parameter. For example: `15.1`

Reviewer: This usage is valid for all steps and all inputs. Why do we specify this only in Xcode?

> In addition to the version change method described above, you can also change the Xcode version **manually**. For this, you can **hard-code** the desired Xcode version into the `$AC_XCODE_VERSION` parameter. For example: `15.1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the version change method described above, you can also change the Xcode version **manually**. For this, you can **hard-code** the desired Xcode version into the `$AC_XCODE_VERSION` parameter. For example: `15.1`.
```

> :::caution Available Xcode Versions

Reviewer: IMO this nested box usage is not necessary for short infos. Warning can also be written in the same info.
https://capture.dropbox.com/roDX84ZqHJ3czUJ3

For example:
> ...`$AC_XCODE_VERSION` parameter. For example: `15.1`. But if the version you hard-coded is not available on the runner where the build will run...

> Please note, if the version you hard-coded is not available on the runner where the build will run, the build **will not** start. The Xcode list in the [**Build Configuration**](/build/platform-build-guides/building-ios-applications#build-configuration) always lists the **available** Xcode versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that, if the version you hard-coded is not available on the runner where the build will run, the build **will not** start. The [**Build Configuration**](/build/platform-build-guides/building-ios-applications#build-configuration) always lists the **available** Xcode versions.
```
